[00:00 - 00:03] Good morning ma'am. Good morning. Can I have your resume? Yes ma'am.

[00:04 - 00:27] So what is your name? My name is Rani ma'am. Okay. Tell me about your son. Thank you for giving me some opportunity. My name is Rani. I came from Shampoon Nagar. I did my graduation from CEPA Engineering College. Specialized in Elecranian Communication with overall GPA of 6.8. I did my diploma in Princeton Institute of Engineering and Technology. I belong to a NICUAP family. Coming to my technical skills, I am good at Core Java, Minor Testing and SBL.

[00:27 - 00:37] My strength is I am a hard worker and self-motivated person. Coming to my weakness, I can't talk to new people. It will take no time. That's all I have.

[00:38 - 00:47] Okay. So what is your short-term and long-term goals? My short-term goal is to get a job in a dental company and my long-term goal is to be in a good position in that company.

[00:48 - 00:56] Okay. So why should I hire you? You have to hire me because my technical skills match into your job description and I am going to be a good job.

[00:57 - 01:11] I am good at the coding skills. Okay. So why do you want to join POTAS company? I have research about your company. When I compare to the other companies, your company is good at culture.

[01:11 - 01:24] Your culture is different compared to the other company and as a fresher, if I join in the company, my career will be good for my career. Okay. So that's why you want to join our company. Yes. Okay.

[01:24 - 01:45] So tell me about a time when you overcome your challenge. When I was in a B.Tech, I came. I have one backlog. I have a medical four. I have to clear the backlog. I have it as a rest time. Because after four to two, if I clear my notes, it will be supplementary for me. Yes.

[01:45 - 02:14] For the graduation, I did very hard work for clearing and something. So I am driven and I have graduated. Okay. So what motivates you to perform your best? Because I want to learn the new things. So deadlines, if I have any target means I will focus on the target to reach the target. Okay. So what is your salary expectation? As a fresher, I expect the salary quality to announce at the company. Okay. So will you be able to work

[02:15 - 02:35] Yes. So you work overtime? Yes, ma'am. I will need to work because as per the deadlines, we need to work. Okay. So what are your achievements in life? Till now, I have a virtue of the one thing that is on my graduation year is you have a certificate of my B.Tech. That is my achievement. Okay. This is your achievement. So how long can you work for our company?

[02:35 - 02:59] I can serve as per comfortable that position in your company. I can serve as per. Okay. Are you ready for the bond? Yes, ma'am. I am ready for the bond. Okay. So do you have any question for me? Yes, ma'am. I know the feedback. Okay. Your communication is good. But you should elaborate your answer. So don't be nervous while giving your answer. That's all. Okay. Thank you. Thank you.